nit: details CSI migration (#4693)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/kubernetes/api-cli/managing-storage.mdx

  The Scaleway Block Volume Container Storage Interface (CSI) driver **v0.2** will reach its end of support on **February 28, 2025**.
</Message>

> The migration moves volumes from Instances API to SBS API, no volume detach is expected, only a control-plane restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration moves volumes from the [Instances API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/instance/) to the [Scaleway Block Storage API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/block/). No volume detachment is expected, only a control plane restart.
```
